New serverless pattern - apigw-lambda-translate-cdk (#2026)
aws-samples/serverless-patterns: apigw-lambda-translate-cdk/README.md

# API Gateway -> Lambda -> Translate
This patterns shows CDK deployment on how to leverage Amazon API Gateway, AWS Lambda, and Amazon Translate to perform language translation in a serverless fashion.

## Architecture
![Diagram](src/architecture.png)

> ### What resources will be created?

Reviewer: Please add a line that the API GW is not using authorization or authentication and should only be used for demo purposes

Author: This is done. Updated README.md with caution note.

#### Python >=3.8
Make sure you have [python3](https://www.python.org/downloads/) installed at a version >=3.8.x in the CDK environment. The demonstration uses python 3.10.

#### AWS CDK
Make sure you have the [AWS CDK](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/v2/guide/getting_started.html#getting_started_install) installed in the Cloud9 environment.

## Setup

### Set up environment and gather packages

```
cd apigw-lambda-translate-cdk
```

Install the required dependencies (aws-cdk-lib and constructs) into your Python environment 
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### Gather and deploy resources with the CDK

First synthesize, which executes the application, defines which resources will be created, and translates this into a CloudFormation template
```
cdk synth
```
All AWS CDK v2 deployments use dedicated AWS resources to hold data during deployment. Therefore, your AWS account and Region must be bootstrapped to create these resources before you can deploy. If you haven't already bootstrapped execute the below command
```
cdk bootstrap
```
and deploy with
```
cdk deploy
```

> The deployment will create a S3 bucket, a Lambda function and a DynamoDB table.

Reviewer: Did you forget to update these to API GW etc.?

Author: Added the API Gateway info. Missed it.

> ## How it works

Reviewer: Consider adding a statement that the text is translated to French by default and how the user can change it if needed

Author: This is done. Added note saying the default language for translation is set to French and that users are requested to change it as per their use-case.

> The API Gateway handles the incoming requests from user and it invokes the relevant route. The Lambda, triggered by API Gateway, invokes the Translate's TranslateText API and the analyzed response from Translate service is routed back to the requester.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API Gateway handles the incoming requests from the user and invokes the relevant route. The Lambda function, triggered by API Gateway, invokes Translate's TranslateText API and the analyzed response from Translate is routed back to the requester.
```

Author: Done. Updated the comment.
